Faas Runtime migration samples (#237)
SAP-samples/kyma-runtime-extension-samples: faas-runtime-to-kyma-migration/expose-via-http/README.md

```

### Test

Open the Function's exposed URL in the browser.
You can learn the URL be inspecting virtual services in the Function namespace
```shell
kubectl get vs
```

### Configure JWT token access

If you have a jwt token issuer (i.e  SAP XSUAA instance or a custom tenant of SAP Cloud Identity Services ) you can configure it in this scenario so that access to the Function will be restricted to requests with valid token.

Inspect the OIDC configuration of you jwt token issuer by opening it's manifest endpoint in the web browser:
`https://{yourIssuerUrl}/.well-known/openid-configuration`

Copy `issuer` and `jwks_uri` values and use them in the `config.yaml` to configure jwt access strategy.

```yaml
...
apiRules:
    - service:
        host: qrcode-producer
      rules:
        - methods:
            - GET
          accessStrategies:
            - config:
                jwksUrls:
                    - {jwks_uri of you jwt issuer}
                trustedIssuers:
                    - {url of your jwt token issuer}
              handler: jwt
```

Apply the changes via Kyma CLI command

```shell
kyma apply function
```

> Now, when you open the same URL in the browser you will see a 401 ( Unauthorised ) response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, when you open the same URL in the browser you see a 401 (Unauthorised) response.
```

> Only requests containing a valid token from your issuer will be passed through the Kyma API Gateway and will reach your Function 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only requests containing a valid token from your issuer are passed through the Kyma API Gateway and reach your Function 
```

# Exposing Function using HTTP

## Overview

This sample demonstrates a sample HTTP-triggered Function. The Function, when triggered using HTTP, responds with a qr code that represents current timestamp. This sample is based on the [qrcode producer](https://github.com/SAP-samples/cloud-function-nodejs-samples/tree/master/examples/qrcode-producer), and it's purpose is to show how to migrate a similar use case from deprecated SAP BTP Faas Runtime into the Kyma runtime.

## Additional prerequisites

Besides the prerequisites described in the parent folder, for the second part of this sample (JWT restricted access) you must have access to a JWT token issuer.
## Steps

### Inspect the Function files

Go to the `expose-via-http/qrcode-producer` folder and inspect the code (`handler.js`), dependencies (`package.json`) and the Function configuration file, which manifests the features of the Function (`config.yaml`) - in this case the the http exposure using API Rule.

### Deploy the Function using Kyma CLI

> > **NOTE** If you prefer to deploy the scenario using kubectl CLI simply use the attached `qrcode-producer-resources.yaml` with the `kubectl apply` command and skip to the testing part.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** If you prefer to deploy the scenario using kubectl CLI, use the attached `qrcode-producer-resources.yaml` with the `kubectl apply` command and skip to the testing part.
```

Run the following command to deploy the Function:

```shell
kyma apply function
```

To verify if the Function was built run:

```shell
kubectl get functions   
NAME              CONFIGURED   BUILT   RUNNING   RUNTIME    VERSION   AGE
qrcode-producer   True         True    True      nodejs14   1         15s
```

### Test

Open the Function's exposed URL in the browser.
You can learn the URL by inspecting virtual services in the Function Namespace. Run:
```shell
kubectl get vs
```

### Configure JWT token access

> If you have a jwt token issuer (for example.  SAP XSUAA instance or a custom tenant of SAP Cloud Identity Services ) you can configure it in this scenario so that access to the Function is restricted to requests with valid token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a JWT token issuer (for example, SAP XSUAA instance or a custom tenant of SAP Cloud Identity Services), you can configure it in this scenario so that access to the Function is restricted to requests with a valid token.
```

> Inspect the OIDC configuration of you jwt token issuer by opening it's manifest endpoint in the web browser:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inspect the OIDC configuration of your JWT token issuer by opening its manifest endpoint in the web browser:
```

`https://{yourIssuerUrl}/.well-known/openid-configuration`

> Copy `issuer` and `jwks_uri` values and use them in the `config.yaml` to configure jwt access strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy `issuer` and `jwks_uri` values and use them in the `config.yaml` to configure the JWT access strategy.
```

```yaml
...
apiRules:
    - service:
        host: qrcode-producer
      rules:
        - methods:
            - GET
          accessStrategies:
            - config:
                jwksUrls:
                    - {jwks_uri of you jwt issuer}
                trustedIssuers:
                    - {url of your jwt token issuer}
              handler: jwt
```

Apply the changes using Kyma CLI command:

```shell
kyma apply function
```

Now, when you open the same URL in the browser you see a 401 (Unauthorised) response.

> Only requests containing a valid token from your issuer are passed through the Kyma API Gateway and reach your Function 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only requests containing a valid token from your issuer are passed through the Kyma API Gateway and reach your Function.
```
